tasks/week01.md, before:

# Week 1 Homework

## 1) Dev Stack
- Get familiar with Python and Jupyter notebooks
- Get familiar with Numpy, Scipy and Matplotlib
- Get familiar with GitHub. You are expected to submit homework solutions to your **private** repository

## 2) Strategy Profile Evaluation
- Given mixed strategies of two players and two utility matrices, compute value for each player.
- Do the same, but for zero-sum games. This time, your function should only take a single matrix (as the other one is implied)

## 3) Best Response Calculation
- Given a mixed strategy of a player and a utility matrix, compute opponent's best responding strategy

## 4) Best Response Value Calculation
- Given a mixed strategy of a player and a utility matrix, compute agent's value when facing best-responding opponent.

## 5) Finding Dominated Actions
- Find dominated actions of both players when given their payoff matrices

## 6) Iterated Removal of Dominated Actions
- Implement the Iterated Removal of Dominated Actions algorithm

# Week 1 Tests

See `tests/test_week1.ipynb` for sample outputs.

Commit message:

Switched to the framework of this year

tasks/week01.md, after:

# Week 1 Homework

## 1) Environment and GitHub Setup
- Make sure you have Python and Jupyter notebooks installed
- Set up your local environment using the provided `requirements.txt` file
- Create a private GitHub repository where you will be submitting your homework solutions

## 2) Strategy Profile Evaluation
- Implement functions to evaluate strategy profiles in general-sum and zero-sum normal-form games

## 3) Best Response Calculation
- Given a payoff matrix and a player's strategy, compute an opponent's best response strategy

## 4) Expected Utility Against a Best Response
- Given a payoff matrix and a player's strategy, compute the expected utility against an opponent's best response strategy

## 5) Finding Dominated Strategies
- Implement a function that finds a set of dominated strategies for a given normal-form game

## 6) Iterated Removal of Dominated Strategies
- Implement Iterated Removal of Dominated Strategies

# Week 1 Template

See `templates/week01.py` for function definitions and docstrings describing expected inputs and outputs.

# Week 1 Tests

Execute `pytest tests/test_week01.py` to test your solutions against our reference implementations.
